## User Test Report

Thank you to all our test subjects for helping us find bugs in our project, your help has been invaluable for finding issues that we were not able to find! We are incredibly grateful for your feedback on what we need to do to improve our app.

During the tests, we aimed to test the main features of our app. The first task was logging into the app, and we had some test subjects create an account as well. For this task, we discovered if the username is already taken, the incorrect error message appears. We also had some interesting  iOS autofill issues, but they were easy to work around. We hope to take a look at that to see how to fix that.

The second task was to create a workout using the default workout templates, and make it customized to their interests. We discovered a few bugs here, some with UI, and some logical bugs. The UI issue was with the ‘Save’ button and ‘name’ textbox. A few test subjects started searching for workouts in the name textbox. There was an error with the ‘Save’ button, and when the users clicked save, a few times the new workout did not appear. When the subjects tried to do another default workout, this one would save and the first one would be visible. This occurred for a few user tests, so it was not a one-time issue.

For the third task, the user was to create a custom workout. We experienced many bugs here. The first bug was that when the user tries to enter the reps or weight, the 0 persists sometimes(This might be an unavoidable problem with React Native). We also had bugs occur when the new saved workout is open, the name does not save properly. In order to make any changes, an entirely new workout has to be created. The same occurred if we needed to update the sets or reps, or add an exercise to a workout. We are currently experiencing complications with updating the workout in the database, so this error was expected. We are hoping to resolve this as soon as possible. The user was able to delete the workout, which worked well.

Our next task was to “complete” a set of an exercise. Most test subjects were able to figure this out, but this was not immediately apparent for a few. When the test subject completed the set, the quiz screen came up. However many test subjects did not like the soft lock screen and suggested we offer a way to go back to the workout list. The timer is also a fixed time, which was not what we were hoping for. The main goal of our app was to create the optimal amount of rest time, but we have not been able to implement that yet. We are hoping we can get some sort of way to make the rest time dynamic by the time the final presentation.